# 2018-03-10 OurNetworks

:date: **Date:** Sat, Mar. 10, 2018 @ 11:30am-12:30pm
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`appear.in/ournetworks`](https://appear.in/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
:family: **Attendance:**
- @garrying
- @patcon
- @dcwalk

## Agenda

1. Run through "In Progress"
    - Booking
    - Livestream options
    - Designer Shortlist
1. Run through "Calendar Deadlines"
    - Budget Draft
    - Swag
    - Sponsorship 
1. p2p web pre-event
1. host our own website 

## Notes

**Legend**
:star: ACTION Item

- venue sponsor
    - left it with [name=garrying]'s friend to poke. heard back. was told we should know by beginning of this past week. didn't hear back.
    - [name=dcwalk]: fallback of UofT space. bad limitations like access hours.
- livestreaming for AV options in [thread](https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/26)
    - [name=patcon]: connection taken care of. equipemnt and deciding quality of service. TODO equipment added
- designer
    - [name=garrying] found a designer! Marlo (she/her)
    - [name=dcwalk]: budget?
        - ok with rough budget ($200ish)
        - part of that is [name=garrying] helping out, so collab effort
    - [name=dcwalk]: lets close that issue!? :star: ACTION agree on deliverables? [track in new issue](https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/20), aim to document specifics in issue. ie logo. where put to use. diff versions.
    - BOOKMARK: [name=patcon] re: swag
    - [name=dcwalk]: toss to [name=garrying] to decide how she should engage
        - [name=patcon]: put in thought about if she's in our flow, she might be able to engage more or invite others in (as opposed to mediated convo in sidechannel)
- budget:
    - [name=dcwalk]: not well linked from anywhere (hidden in `BUDGET.md` in 2018 repo)
        - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/108sbmdcf9ekxYRL3mpa1QBtmjhA5KwoO5w_XWtQgDS4/edit#gid=0
    - :star: ACTION: [name=patcon] will create minimal google doc folder with instructions to NEVER USE IT UNLESS OH GOD FORCED
    - [name=dcwalk]: do we need to lock down date for final budget?
    - [name=patcon]: (swag) thought for avoiding surplus swag, dropship , used by P2PU: http://shop.spreadshirt.com/p2pu
    - ads: 
        - [name=patcon]: any blocks on using digital advertising (e.g. facebook)?
            - [name=dcwalk]: no blocks, but not sure its the right format. expect we'll be doing lots of manual outreach for CFP
            - [name=dcwalk]: can we put a pin? we're going into advert mode later 
            - [name=garrying]: are we talking only facebook? 
    - [name=dcwalk]:
        - feels that with $20/attendee, all fixed costs would be covered
        - but we want to do honorariums and be generous and this would need sponsorship?
            - general agreement
        - :star: ACTION add to github issue rad thread on sponsorship for nonprofit
            - https://twitter.com/sehurlburt/status/966447774584598534
        - $1000 would put us in good spot
        - we'd need to get on this now with larger orgs?
            - CIRA.ISOC Canada
            - Mozilla might be an option, but complicated by venue wrangling
        - catering sponsor: coffee or break?
    - [name=dcwalk]: who wants to own?
        - not sure
        - [name=patcon] says tentative yes :tada:
    - [name=dcwalk]: feels 
    - [name=dcwalk]: can [name=garrying] speak on his conf process?
        - deliverable: PDF with different tiers. different nuances.
    - [name=dcwalk]: what deliverables are we able to offer? :star: ACTION discuss in [issue](https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/23)
        - we don't have social media infrastructure
        - tickets, slides
        - uncomfortable with speaking time
    - [name=dcwalk]: let's keep modest. we have implicit but not explicit values driving what we are comfortable with
        - decision in april.
        - :star: ACTION: [name=patcon] can drive until apr decision
- swag:
    - [name=garrying]: t-shirts, stickers, someone mentioned buttons?
    - [name=dcwalk]: I got access to button maker! totes?
        - [name=garrying]: i'm at peak totes
    - [name=dcwalk]: fuck no water bottles
    - how does swag affect logos?
        - tshirt, button, screen.
    - [name=patcon]: badge stickers. let people self identify.
        - [name=dcwalk]: might need larger considerations. does it adjust to people present? do we need to know who'll show up?
- website:
    - [name=dcwalk]: PR open, sense forward, don't have skillset for Travis CI, see advertising and website over https as linked
    - :star: ACTION: [name=garrying] manual deploy: ournetworks user for SUN MAR 11
    - :star: ACTION: [name=patcon] get automated website deploy set up for SUN MAR 20
        - automated deploy
    - :star: ACTION [name=dcwalk]: 
        - namecheap dns team 
    - [name=garrying]: CoC PR? add to discuss at next meeting
    - April 21 as new look on website, as well as registration and prelim. content (~6 weeks)
- advertising CFP:
    - [name=dcwalk]: list from last year
    - track using checklist on issue, make clear CFP is seperate from Registration
- p2p event:
    - [name=dcwalk]: email connection
    - [name=garrying]: haven't heard from decent. etherium, chat with JK went well
        - potential psych about a toronto p2p web (Louis? mesh crossover?)

