# 2018-04-07 OurNetworks

:date: **Date:** Sat, Apr. 07, 2018 @ 11:30am-12:00pm
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`appear.in/ournetworks`](https://appear.in/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
:family: **Attendance:**
- @benhylau
- @dcwalk
- @garrying
- @patcon



## Agenda

1. Run through "In Progress"


-   dcwalk start google doc for sponsership tiers
    -   (sarah, benhylau to help)
-   confirm patcon interested in sponser
-   dcwalk drop links to Mozilla? confirm CIRA for funding
-   dcwalk email n about mozilla, etcâ€¦
-   all: advertise CFP!
-   dcwalk: talk to faith/void
-   garry: schedule design sesh with marlo
-   dcwalk: shape proposal for yami-ichi

.


- Conf Space: think we got it!!!
- Kickoff: still going
- Sponsor discussion

1. Run through "Calendar Deadlines"

## Notes

- DW: We have Bissell as backup
- DW: But Nasma of Moz also says we can have it booked there. much more aligned
- BL: Spoke with Shopify and they might be down too, but sounds like we don't need the space
- DW: re: kickoff meeting.
    - clearly defined fee schedule. $400 tops. for up to 60 ppl. co-partnership options would reduce. sarah suggested potentials.
- sponsorship
    - draft google sponsorship package exists, but need to conclude.
    - BL: mostly just talked to Shopify
    - consensed on sponsorship tiers
    - :star: finalize sponsorship document by EOD (comment on GitHub issue once reviewed)

- GI: logo on presentation buffer
- GI PC: automated website deployment EOD
- DW: schedule a call exclusively for CfP and speaker invitations (put groups on https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/34 and currently keeping personal invites private)
- PC: suggested rolling invite from referrals :star:
- PC: [print badges](https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/36) :star:
- GI: gave update on logo, website and swag theming; will sync with Marlo with deliverables later today
- DW: handbills!!
- :star: