# 2018-05-05 OurNetworks

:date: **Date:** Sat, May. 05, 2018 @ 11:30am-12:00pm
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`appear.in/ournetworks`](https://appear.in/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
:family: **Attendance:**
- patcon
- garry
- dcwalk
- benhylau

## Agenda

1. Run through "In Progress"
    
3. Run through "Calendar Deadlines"
5. Other Business

## Notes

- TODO investigate costs of equip rental (ben)
- TODO Sunday meeting TMAC (Sarah, Dawn maybe)
- TODO call vector RE: yami-ichi (Sarah)
- TODO Call for Vendors: out end of May 21 (from last meeting)
    - draft text in PR from dcwalk
- speakers ([spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/108sbmdcf9ekxYRL3mpa1QBtmjhA5KwoO5w_XWtQgDS4/edit#gid=0))
    - TODO invite mercedes sharpe (patcon)
    - dcwalk: panel on "repair culture"
    - patcon: bike pirates as counterpoint?
- establish 2018 look (garry)
- design APR (visual + logo)
    - logo dev presentation from marlo via gary
    - anti-alias aesthetic
- TODO: [move info architecture forward](https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/39) (patcon)
- TODO: invoice creation (ben)
    - using new logo from @garry
    - ISOC (wants EFT)
    - IPFS (cheque)
    - sarah knows of invoice generator, but maybe nothing special (ie. google)
        - found it: http://invoicegenerator.com/
- dcwalk: registration + vendor submission form
    - TODOs by next weekend
    - sarah likely taking lead
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/46
- some CFP invites (patcon)
- write bios (patcon)

---

- TODO all Thinking about registration processes for:
    - Yami-ichi Vendors
    - Conference Tickets
- TODO Livestream