# Our Networks Retrospective 2018-7-28

# Agenda

# Event Accounting

- Aim to distribute by Monday August 6
- Honorarium Distribution email and time for in-person
- Money Distribution
    - Ben : bank transfer
    - Dawn : bank transfer
    - Patcon: ?
    - Sarah: ?
- Wait until MakerDao money arrives for bulk amounts sent?
- Generate Receipt for Sarah:
    - Will receive a line item invoice generated to cover

# Our Retrospective

## What worked?

- DC: voln's!
- DC: planning cycle: 8 months makes sense
- Garry: Using GH Projects gave good visbility on tasks initially
- Garry: `orga` email for async group coordinating outside of group chat
- Garry: Shared iCal as a reminder for things coming up. My life is a calendar
- Garry: Between the swag, videos, website, tweets, we have a lot to output to help hype the next event

## What didn't?

### Scheduling

- Garry: scheduling back-to-back on sunday
- Ben: Seems like we didn't allow time for conversations between sessions
- Sarah: first block long tech talks people checking out
- Sarah: lunch earlier!
- Sarah: long organizer days, split up that responsibility for organizers (more organizing ourselves)
- Ben: We had parallel sessions where the people leading those parallel sessions would really benefit from being in the audience of the main talk
- DC: remote talk should probably not in stack at end of talks

### Livestreaming

- Ben: We need to know in advance which talks are recorded and which are not

### Attendees

- Ben: Speaker to attendee ratio? (maybe want more people in sessions?)
- Sarah: Lots of connecting between folks (and afterparties a good space for that!)

### Organizing

- Garry: dedicated design person (during swag time etc...)
- Garry: Group chat seemed ok leading up to the weekend, but there were moments when it felt close to being hard to follow
- Garry: Is there feedback we can take back to BPT?
    - It seemed like we had gripes with certain aspects
    - Do we want to continue with them?
- Garry: Swag ordering was a little confusing to follow with regards to initial sourcing
    - We had more interest in specific shirts over others
    - Sifting through the shirts to find specific sizes/styles was a hassle during the event
- DC: some thoughts on organizing structure, maybe coc review?, talk about our value in advance?
- Ben: Perhaps next year we can plan extra people capacity that are available to take on unexpected last-minute projects (like MakerDao coordinating)

## Feedback we recieved

- Ben: mostly positive feedback
- Ben: specifically-- people to invite for next year what can be involved more lead time on reaching out to them? thinking about a scholarship structure
- Ben: some thoughts on how certain feedback received?
- Sarah: More specific session feedback
- Dawn: so many things 
- Garry: reflecting on feedback (follow-up later)
- Garry: Ways of getting feedback from volunteers

## ✨ Our Values ✨

- Is Our Networks just the conference or an on-going throughout-the-year thing?
- Take some time to mull on this and come together in Fall, especially once we know our schedules and ideas for the year ahead
- HOPE statement plus tweet, about understanding our values for the year ahead

## Livestream retrospective

- To be held in August

## Discussion item
- Can we output materials to help other similar conferences organize (e.g. report on decentralized tools, livestreaming, federated chat room hosting for other organizations / scripts to provision your own, etc.)
    - Will discuss in Fall

# TODO

- Regig our existing mailing list:
    - Keep list for next year
    - Make sure unsubscribe is prominent on first few emails
    - Good enough for now?
        - Move out of Formspree ++

## Ben

- [x] Count up Swag
- [x] Submit receipts and make sure Yurko does too

## DC

- [ ] attendee ratios/speakers/noshows
- [ ] email noshows--why not!
- [ ] ask volunteers for feedback
- [ ] money payment
- [ ] honorarium letter draft
- [ ] feedback mechanism (form + call?)
- [x] Count up Swag

## Garry

- [ ] In-person cash distribution (set schedule, and money allocation)
- [x] Count up Swag

## CHECK IN end NOV

- "Are you in or out"
- Starting to think timelines, stuff to happen
- Is it just an annual conference?
- How do we articulate our decentralized values? 