# 2018-03-24 OurNetworks

:date: **Date:** Sat, Mar. 24, 2018 @ 11:30am-12:00pm
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`appear.in/ournetworks`](https://appear.in/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
:family: **Attendance:**
- @dcwalk
- @benhylau
- @garrying
- @isthisanart

## Agenda

1. Run through "In Progress"
    - website
    - peer-to-peer web event
    - conference hosting
3. Run through "Calendar Deadlines"
4. Sponsorship
5. Code of Conduct
6. CFP and Advertising
7. Internet Yami Ichi


## Notes

1. Run through "In Progress"
    - website
        - we host! still working on automated deploy
        - Manual deploys note: https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/11#issuecomment-372079370
        - some small bits (including ICS), PR open in website repo
            - https://github.com/ournetworks/ournetworks.ca/pull/8
        - follow up on Travis CI `master` deploys
    - peer-to-peer web event
        - Emailed, reached out to a few people and it didn't work
        - Reached out to L4V and UTDTA group with no response back
        - Given that we've yet to confirm in late March, we will defer this event to later in the year
        - bump to Fall? Heather (Mozilla) interested
        - Garry to follow up on presenter reachouts
    - conference hosting at Mozilla?
        - Possible candidate fell through
        - Venue: Bissell building 7th Floor, smaller capacity
        - A/V okay!
        - Contacts? Through Civic Tech? Dawn's
1. Run through "Calendar Deadlines"
    - (Re-)Design
        - Garry working with friend
        - Scope discussed last meeting! Swag!
        - Deadline
        - Posters
        - Marlo and Garry to regroup soon on graphic design work
        - Revisit scope of work
        - Include poster/handouts for advertising
        - Deadline is good with Marlo
        - Onboard Marlo to Github for corordination
1. Sponsorship

    - [https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/23](https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/23)
        - All: mention support and our gratitude
        - Tier 3: + 2 entrances, we'll table materials (e.g., stickers, reports etc..)
        - Tier 2: + 4 entrances, we'll table materials with Our Networks stuff
        - Tier 1: + unlimited guest entrances, own table for materials
        - Catering Sponsor for Mixer, Day 1, Day 2 (equiv. to lowest tier?)
    - dcwalk: set up Google Doc, PDF for tiering
        - Draft for discussion
        - Consense on what the teirs will entail
    - 2 streams of funding
      - Food sponsorships
          - Most likely to happen closer to June/July
      - Company sponsorships
    - Potential ideas for company proposals:
        - L4labs
        - DO
        - Consensys

1. Code of Conduct
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/pull/33
    - CoC email creation
    - PR reviewed by next regroup
    - Subtask for publishing CoC on website with refresh
    - dcwalk to update PR and PR review with organizing group
    - Land Acknowledgement:
        - Both days
        - Publish on the webite the same time with CoC

1. CFP and Advertising
    - Do more of it!
    - Handbill?
    - Marlo/Garry:
        - Prioritize handbill/PDF for reachout

1. Internet Yami Ichi
    - Sarah would be able to assist, especially with contacts, reading out to co-organizing groups
    - Capacity for 20 vendors at faith/void
    - Vector Festival overlap!
    - Pitch after faith/void space confirmation

## TODOs

- dcwalk start google doc for sponsership tiers
    - (sarah, benhylau to help)
- confirm patcon interested in sponser
- dcwalk drop links to Mozilla? confirm CIRA for funding
- dcwalk email n about mozilla, etc...
- all: advertise CFP! 
- dcwalk: talk to faith/void
- garry: schedule design sesh with marlo
- dcwalk: shape proposal for yami-ichi